

Attendees: 

Date: September 2th

Time: 3-5 pm

Location: 110 Hutt Street, Adelaide

Refer to previous Minutes
=====

Ivan 
- Website update

(Insert any another agenda items)
=====

Marketing
- Need 2-3 people who would like to dedicate efforts for marketing in the upcoming events

Partnership - Dispatch labs
- Announce partnership regardless of time of register?
- Want to on board Hackathon. If any top 3 winner get builds on dispatch labs, those winners will be sent to San Francisco.
- They will also sponsor us with funds after they complete TGE. 

Wanchain Event
- At Bendigo Bank
- expecting 120-140 people (release 200 tickets)
- food catering organised, drinks still required 
- need 2-3 people to help with printing material, badges, AV preparation etc
- should we do some pr for this event?
  - we can push some news outlets?

Airdrop event
- First week back of mid semester holidays
- Wednesday, 11-3pm?
  - Need to get tent and bbq access.
  - People will be recieving their free bitcoin at the event. (need to be physically present!)
  - If they also tag a friend and like our page, they will also get free food.
  
Non-for-profit
- Once commencement of the Consistution occurs, need to designate roles. Paul will be interviewing everyone to see where everyone sees themselves sitting in AB in the next year.
  - Marketing Executive VP
  - R&D Exec VP
  - Education Exec VP
  - Other EVPs.
  - EVPs will also amongst thenselves pick the Treasurer and the Secretary. 
  
Bootcamp
- Need one person to lead it, and a few more to structure documentation and scope. Aiming for last Saturday of the holidays
  - Introduction to programming in Solidity
  - Programming different smart contracts
  - ERC20 token creation?
  - Other ideas?

